Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
I'd rather be in my new
Jacuzzi right now. but-
We may or may not
have lost something.
I'm not saying we had it
in the first place.
But if we did.
and it was stolen-
The thief might be distracted
by guilt while working.
and accidentally mangle themselves
in a machine.
I'm just trying
to prevent tragedy.
That's why we have
to work together right?
Jianhu is doing it!
Now they know it's Jianhu
who stole it.
They'll also know it's you.
I know. so I'm leaving now.
I won't be back.
But I wanted you all
to see what we did.
Where are you keeping
the device?
Don't worry.
I'm taking it with me.
You have it here?
You stupid ass.
Go!
Self-permed dumb-ass.
Give us the device!
Give it to us and we'll only
beat your ass a little!
I thought you wanted this!
What's up now!
That way!
Where is Li Pan?
Where's Li Pan
and the black girl?
Leave them alone!
Use your brain.
not your limbs. yeah?
Everyone. please come help!
I'm ready!
Let it go!
Stop and let him go!
Auntie! Take this. Hurry!
Auntie. come with me.
Stop the machines!
On strike! Higher pay!
Strike! More pay!
On strike! Strike! More pay!
Higher pay! Strike! More pay!
On strike! Higher pay!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm